♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 18)
There's not a single person I can't locate.
Then why did you disappear
and disconnect from her?
I think I'm the one who couldn't
get in touch with her.
Why do you bring me here?
We haven't broken up.
(Episode 19: When the enemy is quiet, I'm quiet.
When the enemy moves, I take actions.)
Hello!
Haicheng?
I was planning to visit Haicheng.
I didn't know Lu was going
to have a sketching there during the holiday.
What are the odds?
Didn't Zhou Xiao
tell you about it?
Hey.
I'm not stalking Lu.
I planned this trip a month ago.
I've bought the ticket.
I have the reservation message.
If you don't believe me,
I can show it to you.
What are you doing?
Show it to me.
It's ridiculous.
Why should I?
Hey,
Lu will think I'm stalking her whatever
won't she?
Yes.
How about this?
Fanzhou,
you and Zhou Xiao go with me.
This way, Lu won't have any doubts.
No.
Why?
Hey,
do you know how dangerous it is for a girl
to spend sketching holiday all by herself?
Lu
is Zhou Xiao's roommate.
You're Zhou Xiao's boyfriend.
Don't you think you should do something here?
You're so indifferent to your schoolmate.
What does Zhou Xiao see in you?
Hello?
How about we go to Haicheng with Lu
for her sketching holiday?
It's right on my way home.
I'm going to the supermarket
to buy some snacks for the trip.
I'll be waiting at the supermarket.
Xie Yixing.
What's up?
We'll go to Haicheng.
What did you say?
Can you repeat it? I didn't get it.
Where are we going?
Haicheng.
I thought you didn't want to go there.
Alright.
No problem.
I'll rent the car.
The trip only takes two hours.
Why do you buy two of them?
One is for Lu.
I see.
Do you want some jelly?
OK. OK. We'll take it.
Which one?
All of them.
Oh.
I like it!
What?
Xiao, put the basket here.
You're here.
You buy so many things.
Can you finish them all?
Of course.
I feel like I'm rolling.
Ah?
I'm the third wheel here.
Give it to me.
Snacks are on me.
Take whatever you want.
Keep your word.
I want that.
Just take it.
Do you want this?
Yep.
Cai Yasi.
The vacation is around the corner.
Why do you buy so many instant noodles?
They're on discount because of the vacation.
I'd stock up on it.
You're a rich guy.
You...
You don't get it.
Cai Yasi
wants to use his money well.
You haven't visited his place.
He has this USB flash drive
which costs several thousand yuan.
And his most expensive game skin
costs more than a thousand yuan.
What about you?
What brings you here?
We're going to Haicheng for a trip.
How about you go with us?
Are you in or not?
Both Lu and Xie Yixing are in.
After the trip,
we three can get back home together.
Don't bother asking.
He won't participate in any activities
that cost money.
I'm in.
That's great!
Finally, I don't have to be the only third wheel.
Wow!
Who owns this car?
It's so cool.
Of course it's me.
Who else could it be?
Fanzhou,
take it.
That's your car.
Get in the car.
Let's go.
You get in the car first.
I'll settle the luggage.
OK.
Bye.
Xie Yixing,
here is my luggage.
There is no room in the car.
You can get on that car.
So, what do you think?
It's a cool car, isn't it?
Not too bad.
Look at the interior.
It's so delicate.
Let's fasten our safety belts.
Thank you.
We all know what Xie Yixing is trying to do.
Hey.
Zhao Fanzhou.
The car
is locked.
It's so childish.
Let's go.
Zhou Xiao,
fasten your safety belt.
Oh, that's right.
It's so exciting!
Slow down.
The one in the backseat,
please fasten your safety belt.
Keep your eyes on the road.
I'm looking
in the rear view mirror on your side.
How about we listen to music?
I've been waiting to hear that.
I've downloaded so many songs.
Let me show you
my good taste in music.
OK.
♪I'm looking up at the moon.♪
♪How many dreams of mine...♪
So this is
your so-called
good taste in music?
♪You are the only one who knows me.♪
♪You often use humor to break the ice.♪
It's connected to the wrong device.
Which one is it?
♪You are the only one who can read my mind.♪
♪You often get what I'm trying to say♪
♪before I say it.♪
Here we go.
Hey!
What's up?
Nothing.
♪You are the only one who'd take action♪
♪to comfort my sorrow.♪
♪Loving you.♪
♪I am falling for you.♪
♪Only you.♪
♪Like Mars hits the earth,♪
♪it changes my whole world deeply.♪
♪I'd break all my rules♪
♪for whatever you say.♪
♪Loving you.♪
♪I am falling for you.♪
♪Like Mars hits the earth,
our hearts encounter,♪
♪creating a new universe.♪
♪There is no going back.♪
♪Oh, You are a black hole to me.♪
Wow.
The sea!
Hey,
wait for me.
Zhou Xiao.
Here we are.
Wow, the sunshine is so strong.
Where is Cai Yasi?
They've got out of the car.
He forgot his backpack on the car.
He is so careless.
What's up?
Why did you...
Let's go.
Your backpack.
What took you so long?
Where are they?
They went to the sea.
Here are your identity cards
and room card.
Your room is on the second floor.
I'm not sharing a room with him.
I want to share a room with Lu and Ling.
Your room card
is here.
What were you thinking?
I'm sorry, Zhou Xiao.
I only
get two rooms for us.
One for boys, one for girls.
If you have some other plans,
you two can discuss it privately.
I don't have to know about it.
What are you talking about?
What's so funny?
It's Cai Yasi's backpack.
Would you also bring my luggage to the room?
Thanks.
I'll help her.
OK.
Finally, we're here.
Your luggage is already here.
Lu, where are you?
When will you come back?
What's up?
(Cai Yasi)
Let me check it.
Nope.
I need to take it.
Zhou Xiao,
Xie Yixing asks us to meet at the terrace.
What took you so long?
I opened the door immediately, OK?
Let's go.
The sea!
Yeh!
Why don't you join me yelling?
Where is Lu?
Lu? She is drawing.
Who knows what Xie Yixing has planned?
What are you doing?
I'm gonna tell Lu my feelings for her.
Come on.
Ah?
What?
You guys don't know
I like her?
I mean,
why do you choose tomorrow?
It's kinda out of the blue.
Well, there's no time like the present.
Besides,
I'm gonna need some help
for this great plan.
Tomorrow, as soon as you hear my whistle,
you guys fly the kite into the sky.
You gotta help me.
So these are the kites
you're gonna use for you plan?
Are they gonna work?
Not these.
These ones are for rehearsal.
Is there even a rehearsal for flying a kite?
You'll understand tomorrow
when you see
the beautiful, custom-made kite I booked.
Why should we help you?
Well, we're on this trip together.
Besides, it's fun to fly a kite.
Don't you think so, Fanzhou?
No, I don't think so.
Zhao Fanzhou,
look!
It's so fun to fly the kite!
Let's get started.
Come on.
I don't know how to do it.
I just don't.
Yes, you do.
You definitely do. Come on.
Let out the string.
Why is it so easy for you?
Wow,
it's so delicious!
Zhao Fanzhou, you're so good at it!
Don't eat too much.
I've been drawing all this afternoon.
I'm exhausted. Save some for me.
Let me have a taste.
There is chopped scallion on it.
Your boyfriend is so good at it.
Sure.
He is my boyfriend, after all.
It's just barbecue.
What's the big deal about it?
Come on, taste it. It's just off the grill.
What is it?
It's too big for me.
Have a try.
Finally, you're here. Let's get started.
OK.
Well done.
I'm back.
Barbecue and beer
always pair well together. Come on.
So many bottles of liquor!
What if we get drunk?
Don't take me for granted.
I'm a heavy weight.
Cheers!
-Cheers! -Cheers!
Zhao Fanzhou.
Cheers!
Come on.
Lie down here.
Today, let's get drunk.
Let's get drunk.
Are you alright?
How come they are so drunk?
These three boys don't get credit
for their drinking capacity.
I know Cai Yasi
is a light weight.
How come Zhao Fanzhou
can't hold his liquor at all?
I have no idea.
And why did they start this drinking game?
I don't know.
Are you alright?
Slowly. Slowly.
They shouldn't drink so much.
Let's leave them here.
I can barely keep my eyes open.
-Are you OK? -Let's go.
Are you OK?
Alright.
Slowly. Slowly.
Let's go.
Just lie in bed.
No, no, no. He is still in the bathroom.
He is in the bathroom.
The bed is ruined.
You need to find him another room.
What are you doing?
I'm not done yet.
No way.
Excuse me,
I want a room.
OK. I'll check it for you.
OK.
Stand straight.
Miss, I'm afraid
we only have one standard room left.
Is it OK for you?
OK. OK.
OK.
Stand straight.
Miss, it seems your boyfriend
is really drunk.
Please don't let him lie on his back
in case he gets chocked
by the vomit flowed into his trachea.
Do you hear that?
Miss, here is your room card.
OK.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Let's go.
Stop.
Wait a moment.
Go!
Give me your hand.
Your hand. Your hand.
How about
later?
Nope.
It's stuck.
I don't care.
Zhao Fanzhou,
is this how you look like when you get drunk?
I want to hold your right hand.
Left hand.
Zhao Fanzhou,
are you faking it?
I'm not drunk.
I can even help you
push...
See? I'm pushing the cart for you.
Let's go.
Go. Go.
It's stuck.
You're such a light weight.
It's so hilarious.
I said,
I'm
not
drunk.
I'm
not
drunk.
I'm not drunk.
Here we are. Here we are.
Get up for a moment.
Why?
Get up and have some water.
Come on.
Have some water.
Lie down.
Zhao Fanzhou,
I'm leaving.
Call me if you need anything.
Where is the room card?
Pick up the phone.
Just pick up the phone.
Please don't let him lie on his back
in case he gets chocked
by the vomit flowed into his trachea.
Do you feel better?
Yes.
Let me tuck you in.
Otherwise you might catch a cold.
What is he doing?
Is he
gonna...
No way.
Zhou Xiao, what are you thinking?
You're awake?
What are you doing?
I'm getting back to my room.
Put on some clothes.
Otherwise you might catch a cold.
Don't move.
Go and take a shower.
You have barbecue sauce on your hair.
I'll take a shower in my room.
What's up?
I can't find my room card.
You can take a shower here.
I'll put on some clothes
and get you a room card at the front desk.
Zhou Xiao, calm down.
It's just a shower.
It's no big deal.
Zhou Xiao.
What's up?
Do you have your identity card with you?
The receptionist said
your identity card is required
to issue a new room card.
Ah?
But I left it in my room.
What then?
How about you get out of the bathroom first?
Alright, in a minute.
What's up?
Wait a moment. It's alright.
I'm not ready yet.
Oh.
I'm ready now.
OK.
Without your identity card,
we have to...
Good night.
What are you doing?
When the enemy is quiet, I'm quiet.
When the enemy moves, I take actions.
I'm just turning out the light.
Why do you turn out the light?
To get to sleep.
We don't sleep.
Then what do we do now?
I...
TV.
I want to watch TV.
Is this nurse a psycho?
Yes.
Do you feel afraid?
I'm OK.
Well, I've watched it for a while,
but I don't understand
what the film is about.
It's about what happened
between the writer and this nurse
who rescued him,
which is thrilling and criminal.
Oh, I see.
If it frightens you,
we can stop watching it.
Though it freaks me out,
I'd like to finish watching it.
Do you feel better this way?
Yes.
A writer tortured by his stalking fan?
There is so much tension in this story.
Maybe I'll create a crazy fan
for my lead character as well.
OK.
It's over.
Let's go to sleep.
You...
How about you go back to your bed?
I'm so sleepy.
Let's get some sleep.
I'm not gonna do anything to you.
Do you feel
it's a little bit crowded here?
Are you mad?
No. Let's go to sleep.
I think you are.
No.
Actually, you don't have to be afraid of me.
Without your permission,
I won't do anything improper.
I know.
You better do.
I just do.
Well, you don't have to
challenge me like that.
You're noisy. Just go to sleep.
Good night.
Zhou Xiao?
You're really asleep.
How did you sleep last night?
I slept so well.
Well, I didn't.
Why?
I had a dream about you.
What happened in your dream?
My hair!
Let me clean it up for you.
That's what I dreamed about last night.
Hello?
Did you get up?
I'm awake.
See you at the terrace in 20 minutes.
I'm
counting on you.
OK.
Who is it?
Xie Yixing asks us to meet him
at the terrace in 20 minutes.
We need to hurry up.
Let's go.
The watch.
Why do you bring me here?
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
You'll see in a minute.
Just be patient.
(Beautiful Lu, I only love you.)
Don't you
like it?
Yes, I do.
How about me?
What did you just say?
I like you.
Could you like me back?
Yes.
♪Loving you.♪
♪I am falling for you.♪
♪Only you.♪
♪Like Mars hits the earth,♪
♪it changes my whole world deeply.♪
♪I'd break all my rules♪
♪for whatever you say.♪
♪Loving you.♪
Someone didn't come back last night.
Well,
that's because Zhao Fanzhou was drunk.
I only stayed to take care of him.
Oh, because he was drunk.
Let's focus on the kite.
♪Oh, You are a black hole to me.♪
Look!
Lu is kissing him!
♪Loving you.♪
Lu!
Zhou Xiao, come here.
♪Like Mars hits the earth...♪
Put it down.
Xie Yixing really picks a really good place.
♪There is no going back.♪
The wind is so strong.
♪Oh, you are a black hole to me.♪
Let's go.
Where is Zhou Xiao and Zhao Fanzhou?
Is it OK for us
to run away like this?
It's alright.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
Stop.
It's how you play when you're at a beach.
Take it.
Zhou Xiao.
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
♪If I have to write a song for my youth,♪
♪I'm afraid it's beyond
rhetorical flourish. ♪
♪It would be a fluctuant melody
about sky and sea,♪
♪depicting every part of me.♪
They'd definitely
criticize us
for sneaking out like this.
But it's simply so romantic!
Take care.
It's like we're on a wild journey.
Which floor is your apartment on?
I...
I'll handle it on my own.
Why?
I'm afraid my parents will see us.
They don't know I'm in a relationship.
Is it a shame for you?
I didn't mean it that way.
It's because you're so outstanding.
I'm afraid once my mom lays eyes on you,
she won't keep it a secret.
I'll go on my own.
Alright.
You're so sweet.
I love you. I gotta go.
Zhou Xiao!
We're so dead.
(Next Episode)
I won't approve of it.
Yasi has just reached
the standard of being my son-in-law.
Obeying rules and behaving properly
are very important.
Master.
Miss, please get a hold of yourself.
Why did you suddenly do that?
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪